access.o: access.c /home/jarek/menuetos/include/libc/stubs.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/unistd.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/types.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/djtypes.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/stdio.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/menuet/os.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/version.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/dos.h /home/jarek/menuetos/include/pc.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/inlines/pc.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/bits/stdio.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/stat.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/io.h /home/jarek/menuetos/include/dir.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/errno.h
alarm.o: alarm.c /home/jarek/menuetos/include/libc/stubs.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/unistd.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/types.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/djtypes.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/time.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/time.h
chdir.o: chdir.c /home/jarek/menuetos/include/libc/stubs.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/unistd.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/types.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/djtypes.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/errno.h /home/jarek/menuetos/include/dos.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/pc.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/inlines/pc.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/ctype.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/inlines/ctype.ha \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/inlines/ctype.hd \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/libc/dosio.h
chown.o: chown.c /home/jarek/menuetos/include/libc/stubs.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/unistd.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/types.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/djtypes.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/stat.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/errno.h /home/jarek/menuetos/include/dos.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/pc.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/inlines/pc.h
close.o: close.c /home/jarek/menuetos/include/menuet/os.h
ctermid.o: ctermid.c /home/jarek/menuetos/include/unistd.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/types.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/djtypes.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/string.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/movedata.h
dup2.o: dup2.c /home/jarek/menuetos/include/libc/stubs.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/unistd.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/types.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/djtypes.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/errno.h /home/jarek/menuetos/include/dos.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/pc.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/inlines/pc.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/io.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/libc/dosio.h
dup.o: dup.c /home/jarek/menuetos/include/libc/stubs.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/unistd.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/types.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/djtypes.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/errno.h /home/jarek/menuetos/include/dos.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/pc.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/inlines/pc.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/io.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/libc/dosio.h
execl.o: execl.c /home/jarek/menuetos/include/libc/stubs.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/unistd.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/types.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/djtypes.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/process.h
execle.o: execle.c /home/jarek/menuetos/include/libc/stubs.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/unistd.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/types.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/djtypes.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/process.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/libc/dosexec.h
execlp.o: execlp.c /home/jarek/menuetos/include/libc/stubs.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/unistd.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/types.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/djtypes.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/process.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/libc/dosexec.h
execlpe.o: execlpe.c /home/jarek/menuetos/include/libc/stubs.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/unistd.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/types.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/djtypes.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/process.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/libc/dosexec.h
execv.o: execv.c /home/jarek/menuetos/include/libc/stubs.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/unistd.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/types.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/djtypes.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/process.h
execve.o: execve.c /home/jarek/menuetos/include/libc/stubs.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/unistd.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/types.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/djtypes.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/process.h
execvp.o: execvp.c /home/jarek/menuetos/include/libc/stubs.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/unistd.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/types.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/djtypes.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/process.h
execvpe.o: execvpe.c /home/jarek/menuetos/include/libc/stubs.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/unistd.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/types.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/djtypes.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/process.h
fork.o: fork.c /home/jarek/menuetos/include/errno.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/dos.h /home/jarek/menuetos/include/pc.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/inlines/pc.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/unistd.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/types.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/djtypes.h
fpathcon.o: fpathcon.c /home/jarek/menuetos/include/errno.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/dos.h /home/jarek/menuetos/include/pc.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/inlines/pc.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/unistd.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/types.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/djtypes.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/limits.h
getcwd.o: getcwd.c /home/jarek/menuetos/include/libc/stubs.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/unistd.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/types.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/djtypes.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/stdlib.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/dos.h /home/jarek/menuetos/include/pc.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/inlines/pc.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/errno.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/libc/farptrgs.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/libc/dosio.h
getegid.o: getegid.c /home/jarek/menuetos/include/unistd.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/types.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/djtypes.h
geteuid.o: geteuid.c /home/jarek/menuetos/include/unistd.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/types.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/djtypes.h
getgid.o: getgid.c /home/jarek/menuetos/include/unistd.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/types.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/djtypes.h
getgroup.o: getgroup.c /home/jarek/menuetos/include/unistd.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/types.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/djtypes.h
getlogin.o: getlogin.c /home/jarek/menuetos/include/unistd.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/types.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/djtypes.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/stdlib.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/dos.h /home/jarek/menuetos/include/pc.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/inlines/pc.h
getopt.o: getopt.c /home/jarek/menuetos/include/libc/stubs.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/stdio.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/menuet/os.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/version.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/djtypes.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/dos.h /home/jarek/menuetos/include/pc.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/inlines/pc.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/bits/stdio.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/string.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/movedata.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/unistd.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/types.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/libc/unconst.h
getpgrp.o: getpgrp.c /home/jarek/menuetos/include/unistd.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/types.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/djtypes.h
getpid.o: getpid.c /home/jarek/menuetos/include/unistd.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/types.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/djtypes.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/libc/farptrgs.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/libc/bss.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/menuet/os.h
getppid.o: getppid.c /home/jarek/menuetos/include/unistd.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/types.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/djtypes.h
getuid.o: getuid.c /home/jarek/menuetos/include/unistd.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/types.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/djtypes.h
isatty.o: isatty.c /home/jarek/menuetos/include/libc/stubs.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/unistd.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/types.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/djtypes.h
link.o: link.c /home/jarek/menuetos/include/libc/stubs.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/stat.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/types.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/djtypes.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/fcntl.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/unistd.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/limits.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/utime.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/errno.h /home/jarek/menuetos/include/dos.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/pc.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/inlines/pc.h
lseek.o: lseek.c /home/jarek/menuetos/include/unistd.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/types.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/djtypes.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/errno.h /home/jarek/menuetos/include/dos.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/pc.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/inlines/pc.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/libc/dosio.h
pathconf.o: pathconf.c /home/jarek/menuetos/include/errno.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/dos.h /home/jarek/menuetos/include/pc.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/inlines/pc.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/unistd.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/types.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/djtypes.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/limits.h
pause.o: pause.c /home/jarek/menuetos/include/unistd.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/types.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/djtypes.h
pipe.o: pipe.c /home/jarek/menuetos/include/unistd.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/types.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/djtypes.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/errno.h /home/jarek/menuetos/include/dos.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/pc.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/inlines/pc.h
read.o: read.c /home/jarek/menuetos/include/stdlib.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/djtypes.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/dos.h /home/jarek/menuetos/include/pc.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/inlines/pc.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/fcntl.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/types.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/unistd.h /home/jarek/menuetos/include/io.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/libc/dosio.h
rmdir.o: rmdir.c /home/jarek/menuetos/include/libc/stubs.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/errno.h /home/jarek/menuetos/include/dos.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/pc.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/inlines/pc.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/unistd.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/types.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/djtypes.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/libc/dosio.h
setgid.o: setgid.c /home/jarek/menuetos/include/unistd.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/types.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/djtypes.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/errno.h /home/jarek/menuetos/include/dos.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/pc.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/inlines/pc.h
setpgid.o: setpgid.c /home/jarek/menuetos/include/unistd.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/types.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/djtypes.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/errno.h /home/jarek/menuetos/include/dos.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/pc.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/inlines/pc.h
setsid.o: setsid.c /home/jarek/menuetos/include/unistd.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/types.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/djtypes.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/errno.h /home/jarek/menuetos/include/dos.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/pc.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/inlines/pc.h
setuid.o: setuid.c /home/jarek/menuetos/include/unistd.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/types.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/djtypes.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/errno.h /home/jarek/menuetos/include/dos.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/pc.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/inlines/pc.h
sleep.o: sleep.c /home/jarek/menuetos/include/unistd.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/types.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/djtypes.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/time.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/menuet/os.h
sysconf.o: sysconf.c /home/jarek/menuetos/include/errno.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/dos.h /home/jarek/menuetos/include/pc.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/inlines/pc.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/unistd.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/types.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/djtypes.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/limits.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/time.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/stdio.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/menuet/os.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/version.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/bits/stdio.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/fcntl.h
ttyname.o: ttyname.c /home/jarek/menuetos/include/libc/stubs.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/unistd.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/types.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/djtypes.h
write.o: write.c /home/jarek/menuetos/include/unistd.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/types.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/djtypes.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/stdlib.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/dos.h /home/jarek/menuetos/include/pc.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/inlines/pc.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/string.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/sys/movedata.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/fcntl.h /home/jarek/menuetos/include/io.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/errno.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/libc/dosio.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/libc/bss.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/menuet/os.h \
  /home/jarek/menuetos/include/menuet/console.h
